---
layout: post
title:  "IEEEXtreme 10.0"
date:   2017-02-01 00:00:00 +0530
image: 1.jpg
author: UdeshUK
---

IEEEXtreme 10.0, the most competitive and challenging 24 hour global programming competition was commenced at 05.30 a.m in Sri Lankan time on 22nd of October 2016. The event at UCSC was organized by the UCSC IEEE Student Branch. More than 100 teams fervently participated for the Xtreme competition from the UCSC, including the UCSC IEEE Student Branch members. Teams were formed of three members each, proctored by a senior IEEE member. All the teams were ambitious and eager to prove themselves. The solutions could be coded using C, C++, C#, Java, Python, Ruby, Perl, or PHP, the supportive languages for this competition. As the first problem showed up on the screens the competition launched globally.

Problems were hard indeed. But the competitors were enjoying the experience to the best with their team members. Team work and immense efforts always do pay off and as a result most of the teams were climbing higher and higher in the competition. In the interim, refreshments were provided to the competitors for their comfort throughout the competition by the logistics team.

On the point that UCSC undergraduates were competing since 2011 in the IEEEXtreme Programming Competition, it was a definite fact that this competition is going to prove and elaborate the skills of the UCSC undergraduates globally in as much as it did in the previous years. The Pre IEEEXtreme sessions helped the students to gear up and equip themselves with well furnished problem solving skills and it helped the students to be familiar with the problem types and algorithms.

108 teams to be exact participated from the UCSC for IEEEXtreme 10.0.  41% (44 teams) of those teams were holding country ranks below 100. The participation of the UCSC undergraduates in this competition was spaced out even among the other universities of the region as the event was promoted frequently within the university and the UCSC IEEE Student Branch is working on stimulating and strengthening the skills of the undergraduates through awareness programs and more Pre Extreme sessions.

We are providing our utmost gratitude to all the lecturers and the staff for supporting and being there for us in every way they can. Everybody at UCSC helped in a way to make this event a success. Even the non participants stayed up all night providing refreshments to the competitors. And also we are proud of all the hard work and achievements of the competitors and congratulate them all to achieve more and more to make UCSC proud.