---
layout: post
title:  "UCSC IEEE Day 2017"
date:   2017-10-20 00:00:00 +0530
image: IEEEDay.jpg
author: UdeshUK
---

UCSC IEEE Day 2017 was celebrated with much grace and grandeur on 11th of October 2017 at the New Arts Theatre of University of Colombo. Each year UCSC has never failed to mark this event, above expectation and this year is no exception in that regard. This year the theme of the event was “For an age when machines start thinking”, a theme very relevant to the current scenarios happening all over the world. This event was not restricted just to this single day. There were some pre-events including a lot of tricky brain teasers. And of course on this special day, students from universities all around the island have attended and made their day.

UCSC IEEE Day 2017 was planned under three major technical zones, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Fast Data. Our guest speaker, Mr. Samudra Kanakearachchi, Solution Architect at 99X Technologies delivered a speech on Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. Mr. Dilantha Malagamuwa, car race driver and champion of many racing contests, mesmerized the audience with his own story about his personal journey towards victory and the hardships and challenges he had to face on his way. And then, Mr. Faris Ismail, CEO/MD - Achievers through his speech, inspired the entire audience to work towards a developed Sri Lanka. 

Then the celebration mode was on, Director of University of Colombo School of Computing, Professor K.P. Hewagamage cut the cake and then he delivered a short speech about the event. Following a short break Mr. Aruna Dissanayake, Experienced database architect with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology methodologies, delivered another speech on Fast Data and Data Science. After that, the auditorium was filled with merriment as the fun element came up. That which included innovative competitions went on with super excitement.

All the winners of the quiz, the brain teasers, and the selfie contest were given nice gifts. Finally, the event came to a pleasant end. UCSC IEEE Day 2017 certainly reached its benchmark and satisfied all the participants who had come with high hopes as usual. All the best to the organizing committee and the IEEE Student Branch of UCSC.