---
layout: post
title:  "SLT e-Sports Reid Cyber Wars 2.0"
date:   2017-02-01 00:00:00 +0530
image: sports.jpg
author: UdeshUK
---

Inter-University Gaming Championship 2016 - “Let the Battle Begins”

SLT e-Sports Reid Cyber Wars 2.0 (RCW 2.0) was held on 12th May 2016 from 8 a.m. onwards at the University of Colombo School of Computing (UCSC) premises. This was the second chapter of the RCW and the first time to be opened up as Inter-University Gaming Championship. SLT e-Sports Reid Cyber Wars 2.0 was organized by the Computer Science Society of University of Colombo (CompSoc) and the IEEE Student Branch of UCSC together with the sole sponsor Sri Lanka Telecom.

Call of Duty 4 – Modern Warfare (5 vs 5) was the main highlight in Reid Cyber Wars 2.0. 27 teams were registered for the gaming event. All teams battled with the intention, “No Mercy for Enemy”. In the end ‘Moratu Yakku’ from the University of Moratuwa and ‘Mindless Outlaws’ from the University of Rajarata came to the final. After a breath-taking battle ‘Moratu Yakku’ from University of Moratuwa became the champions of Call of Duty 4- Modern Warfare in Reid Cyber Wars 2.0.

Need for Speed (NFS) Most Wanted “I feel the Need … The Need for Speed” was also one of the most looked forward events in the Reid Cyber Wars 2.0. It was raced in 2 categories as boys and girls as a knockout tournament. After an exciting and thrilling series of races, the winner of the boys’ category was Buddhika Sameera and the winner of the girls’ category was Chanduni Wickramasinghe at RCW 2.0.\r\n\r\n“I’ll make weapons from your bones” such is the excitement of Mortal Kombat X. Mortal Kombat X was there for boys and girls in 2 separate categories this year. The boys’ category winner was Dulaj Gunawardena from the University of Moratuwa and the girls’ category winner was Dilini Weerasinghe from the University of Colombo.

“I’ll make weapons from your bones” such is the excitement of Mortal Kombat X. Mortal Kombat X was there for boys and girls in 2 separate categories this year. The boys’ category winner was Dulaj Gunawardena from the University of Moratuwa and the girls’ category winner was Dilini Weerasinghe from the University of Colombo.

There were also some mini-games to be contested in the Reid Cyber Wars 2.0.  The winner of Piano Tiles game was Nalinda Wanigasekera and Mishari Tamara was the winner of drowning bunny game. There were also games such as Crossy Road, Fruit Ninja, and Game of Thoughts. The winner of Crossy Road was Vidura Dantanarayana. Wishva Hettige was the winner of the Fruit Ninja Game.

Game of Thoughts is a game created by four students of University of Colombo School of Computing and it was first introduced in the Reid Cyber Wars 2.0. Game of Thoughts is a survival game and to survive in this game the players need to collect cells. Game of thoughts is a multiplayer game. Therefore, as-as to survive in Game of Thoughts the players need to attack other players and get their cells. Buddhika Dahanayake was the winner of Game of Thoughts in Reid Cyber Wars 2.0.

Reid Cyber Wars 2.0 organized by the IEEE Student Branch of UCSC and Computer Science Society of UOC was in overall a total success at the end. The event was filled with action and the most sought out titles of the gaming world were awarded to the righteous.